Who are you? What's wrong with the staff here?
I don't even know Third Master Shen
What are you?
Gu Jingxi, you are the next father who was abandoned by me
Just find a cheap little white face
How dare you sneak into the scene?
Wait to be kicked out
How dare you scold my woman?
You little white face dare to hit your subordinates
Dog thing, you dare to hit me, I don't want to live anymore
Don't recruit someone to pull him down and beat him to death
Keep it in front of the Shen family's territory
After all, it is the chassis of the Shen family
Don't be too arrogant
In case he really keeps his mouth shut
So what?
They are all trash at the bottom of society
They don't deserve to be with us
I'll see who dares to touch me
I'm bright, you're not a big shot either.
I'll move you what's wrong with me
Zhang go out
Really see your dog face clearly
Who is standing in front of you?
This slap from the surnamed Shen will be returned to you.
Ah Haochen
That's karma.
It's okay Haochen
Are you all right?
Sorry to be scared again.
It has nothing to do with you.
I was blind
If I hadn't held him with one hand
He doesn't have a chance to scream here